In level one, you have an input file (aptly named input.txt) containing words, arranged one by line.

There are two steps:

Step 1
=

We define the magic number as:

 - take the total count of letters 'k' in all the words in the file, and multiply by 6
 - take the total count of letters 'c' in all the words in the file, and multiply by 9
 - the magic number is the concatenation of the first number then the second number.

Your task is to write a function that will return the magic number.

Example:
-

If your file contains the following input:

  Mock
  Crabs
  Kangaroo
  Chicken
  Worcestershire

The number of 'k' is 3, multiplied by 6 gives us 18
The number of 'c' is 5, multiplied by 9 gives us 45
Here, your function should return 1845

Step 2
=

What we did isn't magical enough, we need MORE magic!

To create more magic, we've heard you need to take the average position of each considered letter
and multiply each individual sum by those number as well.

Ignore words that do not contain the letter in the average.
If a word has the letter multiple times, count each letter individually.
The first letter is considered at position 1.
The average must be rounded down.

So the super-magic number is defined as:

 - take the total count of letters 'k' in all the words in the file, multiply by the average position of all the letters 'k', and finally multiply by 6
 - take the total count of letters 'c' in all the words in the file, multiply by the average position of all the letters 'c', and finally multiply by 9
 - the magic number is the concatenation of the first number then the second number.
 
Your task is to write a function that will return the super-magic number.

Example:
-

If your file contains the same input as step 1:

  Mock
  Crabs
  Kangaroo
  Chicken
  Worcestershire

The number of 'k' is 3,
The average position of the letters 'k' is: (3 + 1 + 4) / 3 = 8 / 3 = 2
3 multiplied by 2 multiplied by 6 gives us 36

The number of 'c' is 5,
The average position of the letters 'c' is: (2 + 1 + 1 + 3 + 3) / 5 = 10 / 5 = 2
5 multiplied by 2 multiplied by 9 gives us 90

Here, your function should return 3645